docs: add debugging tips for KFP's db (#106)
canonical/kfp-operators: README.md

    juju deploy kubeflow-pipelines

For more information, see https://juju.is/docs

## Development and testing

### Interacting with the MinIO blob store

To peek inside the MinIO store, use the MinIO client (`mc`):

```
kubectl run minioclient -i --tty --rm --image minio/mc -n kubeflow --command -- /bin/sh
mc alias set myalias http://minio.kubeflow:9000 ACCESSKEY SECRETKEY
mc ls myalias
```

You can then use other `mc` commands to interact with the contents of the store.

### Interacting with the KFP Database

When debugging KFP, it is sometime useful to interact directly with the database (to confirm that an experiment was written to the DB, etc).  To get a client on-cluster to do so, try:

```
kubectl run dbclient -i --tty --rm --image mariadb -n kubeflow -- /bin/bash
# (from inside session)

> mysql -h KFPDB_SVC_IP -u mysql -D mlpipeline -p 

Reviewer: Let's add some note on how to get this ip.

> # (enter password, `password`)

Reviewer: Does this mean I have to literally enter "password" as password? Is this something the user can get from running some commands?

```

> From inside the dbclient pod, you can then use queries like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will start a mysql interactive shell inside the dbclient pod, you can then use queries like:
```

```sql
SHOW DATABASES;
USE databasename;
SHOW TABLES;
```

which yields: 
```
+----------------------+
| Tables_in_mlpipeline |
+----------------------+
| db_statuses          |
| default_experiments  |
| experiments          |
| jobs                 |
| pipeline_versions    |
| pipelines            |
| resource_references  |
| run_details          |
| run_metrics          |
| tasks                |
+----------------------+
```

or:
```sql
SELECT * FROM pipelines
```

> Some useful queries for the KFP DB:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Useful queries for the KFP DB:
```
